## Overview of Python
Python is an interpreted, high-level programming language that is pure object-oriented and strong server-side scripting language for the web. It is an open source language that is gaining popularity in the market. It blends usability with the capacity to run on a variety of platforms. Guido van Rossum established the language about 11 years ago and it has evolved over time to become one of the most sophisticated programming languages available today. It was named after the Monty Python comedy company. In the 1970s, it had a comedy series named "Monty Python's Flying Circus" on the BBC. 
Python is an excellent prototyping language. You can create prototypes in only a couple of minutes that might take several hours in other languages. It also incorporates all object-oriented concepts into its basic engine. As a result, developing object-oriented programs in python is easier than in other languages such as Java or C++.
It is commonly referred to as a glue language because it connects existing components. It is integrated in applications written in other languages (C/C++, Java and so on) and new modules can be added to python to expand its core vocabulary.
### Why Use Python?
The answer is obvious. Python can be used for practically anything if you know how. The following few points illustrate why python is a great programming language and what makes python more flexible than other languages.
 - Readability
 - Fast to learn
 - Fast to code
 - Reusability
 - Portability
 - Object-oriented programming
### Main Technical Features
 - Built-in elements
 - Exception handling
 - Automatic memory management
 - Rich core library
 - Web scripting support and data handling
 - Development flow
 - Embeddable and extendable
 - Objects distribution
 - Databases
 
### How to Start?
There are three ways in which you can start python:
1.	Install it in your system and use it in command line.
2.	Install it in your system and use it in IDE i.e. VS Code.
3.	Use online websites to run python code online. There are numerous websites for this purpose. I prefer "OneCompiler" because I have used it and it's pretty amazing to use.
